# aight /ɑːˈʌɪt,ʌɪt/

The `aight` Go application is a command-line tool for interacting with OpenAI's API, with an emphasis on chatbot features using models such as GPT-4. It can execute filesystem and SQLite database operations, run Python scripts, and potentially make HTTP requests, leveraging the AI capabilities of OpenAI.

## Features

- **Custom Tool Dispatcher**: Integration with OpenAI's API, dispatching built-in tools to facilitate file system operations, database queries, and script execution.
- **OpenAI Chat Integration**: Direct interaction with chat functionalities provided by OpenAI.
- **Rate Limit Management**: Ensures API usage is within limits through rate limiting.
- **Verbose and Prompt Options**: Supports verbose logging and customization of prompt interactions.

## Installation

To install `aight`:

```
go install github.com/kovetskiy/aight@latest
```

Before installation, make sure your Go environment is properly set up, including the GOPATH. For more information on setting up your Go environment, refer to the [Go documentation](https://golang.org/doc/install).

## Usage

Execute the tool with the desired options:
```
aight [options]
```
Options:
- `-p`, `--prompt <text>`: Provide a text prompt for the chatbot.
- `-t`, `--token <token>`: OpenAI API token; can also be set via the `OPENAI_API_KEY` environment variable.
- `-m`, `--model <model>`: OpenAI model to use.
- `-w`, `--cwd <path>`: The current working directory for the tool.
- `-v`, `--verbose`: Enable verbose mode.

## Example

The existing README.md that you're reading was generated by this tool, you can see the log in
[LOG_README.txt](LOG_README.txt).

## Contributions

To contribute to `aight`, submit pull requests to the [GitHub repository](https://github.com/kovetskiy/aight).

## License

`aight` is released under the MIT License. See the LICENSE file in the GitHub repository for more details.
